Support user defined jwt auth and sdk functions (#405)
hypermodeinc/modus: sdk/assemblyscript/examples/auth/README.md

> # Hypermode Simple Example Plugin
> 
> This is an example showing how to write a Hypermode plugin that uses auth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Modus Auth Example

This is an example showing how to access auth claims from an incoming request.
```
